so this is my doctors winter
race track here you can see the beautiful me
I have five pilots installed here
there is a two because the ramp
and here one would we all times
go for a short while
here is a little bosch here is the
start line where I have my job here
I 've broken down the guys that was new
second man and I have 24 new tires
These are the ones from carbon
on how to find on there's conrad
a pylon here is a small ramp
and there has tripod and all would be like that
I say now let's do one
Test drive first from this position
There will be more to follow first
we go the long way and then the
shortened with the jump okay of course
the car can drive faster only
everything is very slippery
maybe if you said full here
Why can you pull it so I want
be now again not fully murdered
so I will he not from the tv
be a mother